Deprecate supportsTags. (#6598)
microsoft/FluidFramework: common/lib/common-definitions/BREAKING.md

## 0.21 Breaking changes

- [supportsTags deprecated](#supportstags-deprecated)

### supportsTags deprecated

> We are deprecating use of supportsTags and instead going to handle tags directly at the interface of the runtime and
> `IContainerContext`. This will allow loggers downstream to be agnostic about whether messages have tags. This will involve a change in `container-definitions`, which is packaged as part of the `build-common` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are deprecating use of supportsTags and instead going to handle tags directly at the loader/runtime boundary
via `IContainerContext`. Other than this boundary, all loggers can assume full support for tags on all telemetry events. 
This will involve a change in `container-definitions`, which is packaged as part of the `build-common` release.
```
